and introduction to the book of Zephaniah.
Zephaniah was a prophet of Jehovah in Judah,
and he wrote the book bearing his name.
He prophesied early in the reign of Faithful King Josiah.
He completed his book before the year 648 BCE,
some years before Nahum and Habakkuk wrote their books,
and over 40 years before the destruction of Jerusalem
and 607 BCE.
The book of Zephaniah contains three chapters.
Chapter 1 warns the people of Judah that Jehovah's Day
of judgment is approaching quickly.
The people are focusing on material wealth,
worshipping false gods,
and assuming that Jehovah will not intervene in their affairs.
In chapter 2, the people are urged to seek Jehovah.
They should trust in God and live by His righteous standards.
Did you know?
Zephaniah's efforts bore fruit.
Young King Josiah carried out a campaign against false worship
to rid the nation of idolatry and to restore true worship
at the temple.
Chapter 2 conveys a message of doom
against the surrounding nations of Felistia.
Amen, Moab, Ethiopia, and Assyria.
In chapter 3, Jerusalem's proud inhabitants
continue to disobey Jehovah despite His warning.
Although Jehovah promises to remove the haughty ones,
He offers hope and joy to humble repentant ones.
As you read the book of Zephaniah,
note how we should guard against thinking
that Jehovah's Day will not arrive.
How those who seek Jehovah will be saved
and how Jehovah gathers humble ones
to be subjects of His kingdom.